Big boss
Didn't you just say okay?
Let us go when we're done with the case
What are you doing?
Open your mouth
Uh-huh.
Ah!
What did you give me to eat?
This is Eating Zen Valley
Let us within twelve hours
Bliss in the Shared World
But if you make the other party unhappy within the time
That would be the opposite.
Unless we never see each other again
Otherwise life is worse than death
Who taught you that?
If you like someone, tie him to the canyon
This is too nasty. I'm a bandit.
What's wrong with nasty
And my mother didn't tell me not to do that.
I only know
I have to fight for what I like.
Lingering love
Antidote
You are from the Valley of Infatuation
You are mine tonight
Take it easy, it won't hurt.